---
title: 'tuesday'
date: '2023-07-04'
now: '1688447188615'
---


I'm thinking of getting a biology degree, because its cool to work in a lab, molecular biologist are some of the highest paid people in the world. Even if I just was like someone that did basic lab tasks I'd be fine with that. I can continue my programming studies, or maybe take an online CS degree while I work part-time in some lab environment.

What I'm thinkig is that I can strive for a biology job, then have programming as a fallback. I'll have some mathematical background from my biology training which means I maybe able to pivot into data science as an alternative, and if none of that works. I can fallback to just regular IT, I guesse.



Biology degree (Chemistry, Physics, Statistics)
Compute Science Degree Online
(Frontend / FullStack) || Data Science boot camp
MyComputerCareer or some other program like that.

I'm going to need a strategy for gathering resources to meet my goals.

I need somewhere to put the money that I earn up immediately.


```js

Job = {
    rate_of_pay: '',
    rate_weekly: rate_of_pay * 12
}



Bank = {
    account: {
        checking: '',
        savings: '',
        investment: '' 
    }
}


```



There are a few videos that I want to watch on Youtube

[Server Actions: NextJS 13.4's Best New feature]()
@Jack Herrington



Mix - Vercel

[How I Made JavaScript BLAZINGLY FAST]()
@ThePrimeagen


[Next.js App Router: Routing, Data Fetching, Caching]()
@Vercel


[Enums considered harmful]()
@Matt Pocock


[Serverless compute: AWS re:Invent 2022]()
@Vercel


[Getting Started with Nix]
@OpenTechLab


[Theo Browne: Next.js is a backend framework]
@Vercel


[Building a design system in Next.js with Tailwind]()
@Vercel

[Loading States are Killing Your User Experience]()
@Josh tried coding


[Rich Harris on frameworks, the web, and the edge]()
@Vercel

[From Pages to the App Directory in Next.js 13 (Nested Layouts)]()
@Sam Selikoff

[Using Vercel Postgres with SvelteKit]()
@Vercel

[Loading UI with Next.js 13 and React Suspense]()
@Vercel

[Handmade Hero Day 002 - Opening a Win32 Window]()
@Molly Rocket

[Steph Dietz: Svelte on Vercel]()
@Vercel

[Maia Teegarden: Introducing Turbopack: the Turbo-charged bundler]()
@Vervel

[Next.js Server Actions... 5 awesome things you can do]()
@Beyond Fireship


[every good programmer should know how to code this data structure (its easy)]()
@Low Level Learning


[Authentication with Next Auth and Next.js 13]()
@Sakura Dev

[Vercel Ship Keynote: Introducing the frontend cloud]()
@Vercel

[When Did NextJS Routing Become so Advanced??!]()
@Josh tried coding

[What's New in Vercel: Notification Controls, Edge Config and more!]()
@Vercel

[Do you REALLY need a backend?]()
@Theo - t3.gg

[Protect you NextJs 13 app using Next-Auth]()
@Hamed Bahram


[Performance Excuses Debunked]()
@Molly Rocket

[Next.js 13 - How to use App folder & Layouts]()
@Tuomo Kankaanpaa


[Fernando Rojo: Is react Native + Next.js production-ready?]
@Vercel

[Don't Follow THIS Bad React Advice!]()
@Jack Herrington

[Full Stack Authentication with Next-Auth and Next.js 13 All you Need...]()
@Sakura Dev

[All useEffect Mistakes Every Junior React Developer Makes]()
@Lama Dev

[Is "edge" computing really faster?]()
@Fireship

[NextJS 13 Tutorial - Routing, Data, Fetching, Server Components...]()
@PedroTech

[Introducting Next.js App Router]()
@Vercel

[T3 Stack Tutorial - FROM 0 TO PROD FOR $0 (Next.js, tRPC, TypeScript, Tailwind]()
@Theo - t3.gg

[How to Add Nested/Persistent Layouts in Next.js]()
@React Tips with Brooks Lybrand


[Decoupled Together: Iterate faster with Vercel and Sanity]()
@Vercel


[GATE 2023 Area Moment of Inertia]()
@Knowledge Gradient Academy - Mechanical 2

[The Memory Leak Solution You Wish You Knew Sooner]()
@DevOps Toolbox

[This Open-Source NextJS Project is a Game-Changer]()
@Josh tried coding

[Next.js 13 - The Basics]()
@Beyond Fireship

[Binary data exercise: how to tell if a file is a jpeg?]()
@Jacob Sorber


[Next.js App Router REVIEW (Six Months in Prod)]()
@Theo - t3.gg


[Object Oriented Programming is a Dirty Low Down Trick: A Look at How..]()
@Creel

[Fullstack React Components - with no API]()
@Sam Selikoff


[Build A Rust Backend (Really FAST Web Services with Actix Web)]
@Code to the Moon

[Top 10 CSS Features You Should Know & Use in 2023]
@Lukas | Web Development & Design

[How to read complicated Rust types]
@chris biscardi
